[Music]
Welcome back my admirals
I congratulate you on
our great victory against Captain curse at sea
Yes. hello
potatoes and drink Wow. where do you think this is
McD?
I
told you this is Admiral Scott's office
not a Facebook restaurant I need
your help Captain cool from
Sunda Empire tank regiment what happened my partner
Captain toxicbet reportedly disappeared
after his area was colonized by the
red-slammed tank regiment I need your help
now to find him Okay
then I'll heat up my boat first
this viral we're going to war using tanks
instead of using boats again Wow how do you
see that's just  just to control the
boat. I don't understand
how to drive a calm tank. Admiral. to
drive. it's easy. how come it's easy. just
press the button. it will work
Oh then.
I
need Admiral Scott's help to
find Captain Toxicbet who went missing
after his territory was seized by the invaders
of the Red Bull Tank Regime.
Captain.
who is
Toshibad. you can start. you can.
please. please.
troops.
so the controls are easy too. eh.
don't don't.
I used to drive warships.
but it turns out that the controls are easy
too here. right?
We want to take a walk to the Peak
or what. the scenery is really good.
I'm hungry. Captain Coolbird
Yes.
at the Harapan Indah warteg.
how come your tank is longer than
my captain. uh. Captain. that's my tank again.
because it fits the size according
to the size.
I'm making plans in this area. he said. he's just going for a walk. he wants to eat McD Wow. can you see that in area B5 there are signs of Captain Toshiba I want to ask permission to do
the flanking technique. we'll split up.
OK?
[Laughs]
OK. I'll we  I'm going to surround him.
don't follow me too. how
come we split up. okay?
to the
neighbour's house
Oh yeah right sorry sorry
this is because the picture is too realistic the picture
is so amazing Cool yes
very good
handbrake I swear what did it
turn off
where did he go oh yes that's
him instead he hid permission to shoot
he instead hid behind the house guys ok
Pak [ __ ]  Nanang Oh it's him already
seen
Let's let's flacking where are you
Where is he Where is my friend  I'm still
here we're right we're surrounded from
left to right Wow Captain to sixpack has
started to open
attacks Ok I used that technique fine I
even destroyed supplies
ready ready ready ready to reload
shooting ammunition uh critical again aw help me
ouch Sorry Guys Oh Captain
please
help me I can't just you
[Laughing]
keep shooting keep shooting
Actually you can drive a tank
or not really
[Applause]
[Music]
Yes we're going to shoot this He
looks
feathered from the tank okay Let's crash it Let's crash it
Let's adjust to
we'll finish it first
wow that's amazing Come on let's
save
him is he still alive
Captain coolbird Why are you here
managed to save the lost after the
area was colonized by the red bull regimen
What information did Captain Toyib
get
[Music]
Welcome back Captain toxicbet
glad to see you back
Thank you so much the damn red bull regiment
really makes me fat  k destroyed
all my friends in one battalion if possible
You guys want to help me to
reclaim my territory calm down with the
knowledge that has been taught by Captain
Colbert your area will be back in
a short time yes that's right but can
you give permission for a briefing first with viewers at
home
Hello candidates  tank commander. yes. after
3 great battles. we
use warships which
are extraordinary Instance and exciting in
this episode for those of you who are curious. Don't
forget to also check this time.
we will fight
using tanks
before we go down to the
real battlefield here  Captain
SKUT will tell you some
basic techniques about tanks first. yes.
in front of this is your garage or depot.
where you will see
which tanks are yours. Here.
you can choose from 5 different classes of
tanks. starting from the lowest.
namely light.  the tank is the light tank
that is the most ke  cil but the lightest
and has very fast maneuvers.
this is very good for
those of you who prioritize speed and
also want to plank the enemy. which
next is a heavy tank or a
heavyweight tank. yeah. guys. like
made in America. there's a T29. which
looks bigger Wow  Instead of the
small one. the HF. what is it called a light
tank? Then there is the T57 heavy tank. which
is very extraordinary. the long muzzle is
very large. and at the same time. look at the
status of its hiding and reduced mobility.
but its firepower and
high endurance. This is the opposite
of the light tank. For example.
earlier  this speed is
star damage It's slow but
has high destructive power
Well if you want both to be
balanced yes In the middle yes
there is such a thing as a medium tank yes guys
here like the T6 m4a1 share-man this
is also very extraordinary  is a
combination of like tanks and happy tanks
so it's not too late  alu slow but not
too fragile where the stats
are extraordinary for you players
who want a balance between
Offensive and Defensive this class is the most
stable for you. namely the medium tank.
besides there is also a special class. namely the tank
Destroyer or tank destroyer like
this.  is a class that is
very difficult to play
with strange shapes but yes with
the Destroyer tank this is a
special class where Here it is more like
Sniper it falls so it is
very slow but can destroy
and penetrate all kinds of armor Tanks are
a bit tricky but  it's
incredibly satisfying if you can
play it like that. so it's
more like parking and looking for targets
and the last one is the SPG class. yeah.
guys. or self propelled guns. this
is a tank class. which is very unique. more
to support falling. yes. this
shape will also be different  himself
because his function is to
memb  offensive counter from a long distance and the
area of ​​damage is bigger the
range is farther It's just
because of the armor and the Durability look at
it it's really very small this is
usually in the back and
of course this is true ee
usually support units or auxiliary units
like that and yeah  Apart from the five classes.
we can also choose tanks from
various countries with their uniqueness.
such as America. Japan. China. then there is
also England. France. and see.
each of them has its own tag tree
or what is it called. eee. there is a lot of extraordinary research.
so there are lots of
customizations you can upgrade.  according
to your wishes the maneuvers are
changed or the speed is increased
so there are lots of things that you can
customize to your liking
so there are lots of choices that
you can play with the
various combinations of tanks that you dream of
and you are curious how
exciting it is to fight between 30  more map
that  different from Tyren and
the weather effects that will affect
the course of your battle.
Immediately. let's go to the
battlefield by combining the strengths of these
three legendary captains.
Music]
hahaha
captain coolbird captain to sick but it's
nice to be able to fight with you
hahaha It's also calm to meet you
Captain you're welcome I'm also happy to
meet myself
Let's take back the kingdom and
land of the Sunda Empire which has long
lost the
birthplace of
our first birth  first. follow me for a moment.
I haven't turned off my stove yet.
we go hand in hand.
left and right.
one two three
Oh yes. I mean the red one.
captain.
Let's go a little bit straight strategy
here. where are you guys. you guys are
really slow.
you get off the engine or where
Oh yes there is Andre
let's take the outermost one. let
's maneuver. yes
. take this yard. it's tall. it's
pretty good
.
can. come on. let's go. go. go. don't come
here.
let's attack the lemon basil. Captain.
formation. let's go. go. go. go Where is
he?
Come on. let's get together. where are you going.
where
should we protect him? He's just dying.
I'll lead in front. Oh.
sorry. OK?
Come on. warport version. We'll attack it three
on three. we're three on each other. don't be afraid to slow down.
The captain is invited to the
left.
you become connoisseurs. Don't
choose
li it's
so amazing uh there's empty he
quickly
destroy him
destroy him come on let's beat up beat
up don't let our friends get
crushed Okay take cover behind us
it's okay it's okay a little more
he's a little more he died He's a little
more he  died
okay just one more shot
dead already amazing from
above
there is a tank Behind the rock
ouch he wants him to show his face yes
the tank is actually more precise
[Music] just
a little more ah
you don't hide you don't
hide him I'll instead  shooting
again
destroyed brothers and sisters. just
a little more. what an
extraordinary place. finally. it's
finally taken back
. beautiful victory. friends.
very fresh. beautiful.
extraordinary. friends. the victory is ours. the
battle was exciting. Gentlemen. it's nice to
be able to fight with you.
diligent Menteng Sunda  The Empire
owes you
[Music] a lot
with their intelligence and
courage  eng Archipelago has been
recaptured But that is not the end
because the invasion of the red bull tank regiment is
still attacking on a large scale
what will these three Captains
do next
[Music]
Yes how exciting it
is really just a small part of the various kinds of
excitement that you can feel when
you are  playing World of Tanks and
now there's something called the
Holiday obs event. yeah. guys. This is an
incredibly cool event
where we can customize our village
by completing various missions.
yeah. guys. there's also a mission
here.  he has Arnold and
another one from agent Mila too.
this is a really exciting event. we
can bring Unboxing. lots of
extraordinary festival cities. that's
cool. and at that time. we will also
get lots of interesting prizes. like coins.
new tanks. decorations and also wow  special
skin which is very extraordinary cool
3D style for super Wow really cool and
getting higher  there are more and more levels
like this we will raise
our Christmas tree and by raising it
more and more eee what decorations
can we raise really funny oh my god
and PT we can also give our place to eat
our decorations the main thing is the
customization is really amazing besides that there are also lots of
missions  -missions that you can do and
don't forget to add
resources to get
resources used to upgrade your village.
so there's a lot you can
do at this holiday Ops event.
just download it right away and when you
download it. don't forget to use
the tank code Mania  so that you can
get lots of in game bonus
rewards which are really cool so yeah Captain what are you
waiting for let alone download World
of Tank directly by clicking the link in the
description and entering the tank Mania code
so you don't miss out on the
bonus game which is very interesting
Thank you World of thanks  already supports the
captain scottsky channel for mass  If
you like and support a lot.
we will continue towards the
next battle. but that's how it used
to be for this video. Thank you for
watching and see you in the next battle
[Laughs]
[Music]